 This agreement is entered into by Techmade srl. Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter "Techmade") and you (hereinafter "user") to guarantee your right to use and privacy of the services of this application. read about this application. . have met the following agreement:
Prerequisites for use ● 1. 1. You must agree to the terms of this agreement before using it ● 2. 2. If you are under the age of 18, you must ensure that you use it under the supervision of a parent or guardian 3 4. You must be able to legally provide Internet access services to you through a third party. qualified and bring the following contents yourself: 1) Equip your Internet equipment, including personal computer, modem and other necessary equipment; 2) Internet access costs, such as network access costs, telephone costs, traffic costs, etc. at your own expense. agrees to provide any losses whatsoever for the use of this application (including but not limited to commercial warranties and warranties of fitness for special purposes), nor is it responsible for any direct or indirect claims suffered by the claims. Techmade s.r.l. does not guarantee that you will be able to obtain the service, Techmade s.r.l. has the right to suspend or terminate all or part of the service at any time. 2. All information in this app cannot be used as a basis for diagnosis, medication and medical treatment. You agree to assume responsibility for any action and consequence (including any loss or damage that Techmade s.r.l. may suffer) based on reading the information published by this application and Techmade s.r.l. will not be liable to you or any third party. 3. Any feedback, comments or suggestions provided in this application are suggestions based on your description only and cannot be used as a basis for diagnosis, medication and medical treatment. If adopting it is your personal behavior, and Techmade s.r.l. he can't stand his words and actions. Take all responsibility for the consequences 4. You understand that this application may include services provided by third parties and Techmade s.r.l. only provides functional modules for your convenience. If you use the services provided by a third party, you must enter into a separate service agreement with the third party, pay the corresponding fees and assume any risks. Techmade s.r.l. does not assume any form of guarantee for services provided by third parties.
Non-exclusive license 1. All proprietary and intellectual property rights in this application (including but not limited to images, photos, animations, text and additional programs, amendments, updated versions and updated versions contained in this application) are owned by Techmade srl . 2. Techmade s.r.l. may only revoke and authorize you in a non-exclusive manner, in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement, (a) install, copy and use this application for the needs of using this application service on your website or on a third party website; (b)) Under the premise of complying with all applicable laws and regulations, access, browse and download data in this application remotely. Privacy protection 1. Techmade s.r.l. respects and protects your privacy, registered account name, email address, certificate information, your Personal information submitted such as health information will not be actively disclosed to third parties without your permission or in accordance with the mandatory provisions of the relevant laws and regulations or your authorization and the purpose of Techmade srl for the purpose of maintaining and improving software services. This application may also collect your IP address, mobile device type, browser nature, operating system type and other non-personal information in order to optimize your user experience in this application. You should comply with privacy laws and regulations in the process of using the software. The protection of, you must not use this application to track or collect personally identifiable information of Internet users by yourself (and you must not allow third parties), and you must not (and must not allow third parties) from your website (or site third party web) All collected data is linked to any personally identifiable information obtained from any source. 4. Disclosure of information In the following circumstances, this application will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according to your personal wishes or legal requirements: 1) Disclosure to third parties with your prior consent; 2) In order to provide the requested products and services, it is necessary to share your personal information with a third party; 3) According to the relevant legal provisions, or the requirements of an administrative or judicial institution, disclose to a third party or to an administrative or judicial institution; 4) If you violate the applicable laws, regulations or service contract of the application or the relevant rules, you need to disclose to third party; 5) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should report it to the complainant at the complainant's request. Respondents disclose so that both parties can address any rights disputes; 6) Other communications deemed appropriate by this application in accordance with laws, regulations or site policies. Resolution 1. In case of violation of any clause of this contract, Techmade s.r.l. has the right to terminate this contract immediately. At the same time, Techmade s.r.l. has the right to revoke or suspend your authorization at any time without any reason and / or notice. Once the authorization is canceled, the right to use this application will cease immediately.

 In this case, it is necessary to stop using the application, destroy all copies of the application and its parts and provide a written certificate of destruction to Techmade s.r.l. within three business days of termination, otherwise you will have the corresponding legal responsibility for authorizing other people's use of the software. 2. If the contract is terminated due to your breach of this contract: 1) You are not entitled to any compensation for losses; 2) You will not have the right to obtain all your historical data.
Force Majeure In addition to the circumstances of force majeure provided for by law, the following circumstances are also causes of force majeure: 1. Any public Internet backbone network, network or server is out of service. 2. Your local connection device, system or service is not working properly. 3. Repairs that have been scheduled. 4. The Internet service in the region where the server is located is down. 5. Hacking. 6. Business adjustments or other unforeseen circumstances.
The modification of the terms and policies and the obligation to pay attention to the products and services just launched by this application and the new added functions are all governed by this agreement. Techmade s.r.l. has the right to modify and change the terms of this agreement and the service policy, and it is your responsibility to check them regularly. If you do not agree to the modified or modified terms of the agreement and service policies, you must immediately stop using the software and destroy the downloaded software products in accordance with the provisions of the termination clause. If you accept the modified terms or continue to use the services of this application, it means that you accept the modified agreement.
Law enforcement and jurisdiction The conclusion, execution and interpretation of this contract are governed by the applicable laws of the Italian Republic. Disputes caused by this contract or by the use of this software product are under the jurisdiction of the local people's court or its superior court. Techmade s.r.l. has the right of final interpretation in the legal framework of the content of this agreement
Thank you for using this application, we will work hard to provide you with more attentive service!
